Privacy Policy
Effective Date: 27-03-2021

Your privacy is important to Akoma
Akoma is located at:

Akoma
UTTAR PRADESH , India
0000000000
It is Akoma's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our website. This Privacy Policy applies to akoma.in (hereinafter, "us", "we", or "akoma.in"). We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting personally identifiable information you may provide us through the Website. We have adopted this privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") to explain what information may be collected on our Website, how we use this information, and under what circumstances we may disclose the information to third parties. This Privacy Policy applies only to information we collect through the Website and does not apply to our collection of information from other sources.

This Privacy Policy, together with the Terms of service posted on our Website, set forth the general rules and policies governing your use of our Website. Depending on your activities when visiting our Website, you may be required to agree to additional terms of service.

Contents
Click below to jump to any section of this privacy policy

Website Visitors
Personally-Identifying Information
Security
Advertisements
Links To External Sites
Akoma uses Google AdWords for remarketing
Aggregated Statistics
Affiliate Disclosure
Cookies
Privacy Policy Changes
Contact Information & Credit
1. Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Akoma collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Akoma's purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Akoma's visitors use its website. From time to time, Akoma may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.

Akoma also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on https://akoma.in blog posts. Akoma only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below.

Back to table of contents

2. Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Akoma's websites choose to interact with Akoma in ways that require Akoma to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Akoma gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who leave a comment at https://akoma.in to provide a username and email address.

Back to table of contents

3. Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

Back to table of contents

4. Advertisements
Ads appearing on our website may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Akoma and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.

Back to table of contents

5. Links To External Sites
Our Service may contain links to external sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy and terms of service of every site you visit.

We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites, products or services.

Back to table of contents

6. Akoma uses Google AdWords for remarketing
Akoma uses the remarketing services to advertise on third party websites (including Google) to previous visitors to our site. It could mean that we advertise to previous visitors who haven't completed a task on our site, for example using the contact form to make an enquiry. This could be in the form of an advertisement on the Google search results page, or a site in the Google Display Network. Third-party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on someone's past visits. Of course, any data collected will be used in accordance with our own privacy policy and Google's privacy policy.

You can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Preferences page, and if you want to you can opt out of interest-based advertising entirely by cookie settings or permanently using a browser plugin.

Back to table of contents

7. Aggregated Statistics
Akoma may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its website. Akoma may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Akoma does not disclose your personally-identifying information.

Back to table of contents

8. Affiliate Disclosure
This site uses affiliate links and does earn a commission from certain links. This does not affect your purchases or the price you may pay.

Back to table of contents

9. Cookies
To enrich and perfect your online experience, Akoma uses "Cookies", similar technologies and services provided by others to display personalized content, appropriate advertising and store your preferences on your computer.

A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Akoma uses cookies to help Akoma identify and track visitors, their usage of https://akoma.in, and their website access preferences. Akoma visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Akoma's websites, with the drawback that certain features of Akoma's websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.

By continuing to navigate our website without changing your cookie settings, you hereby acknowledge and agree to Akoma's use of cookies.

Back to table of contents

10. Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Akoma may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Akoma's sole discretion. Akoma encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.

Back to table of contents

11. Contact Information & Credit
This privacy policy was created at privacyterms.io privacy policy generator. If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, please contact us via email or phone.

Back to table of contents